Lab 1:
1. Check if your processor supports Intel/AMD virtualization technology. Enable Intel virtualization technology in BIOS if possible.
(AMD)

2. The cloud is almost everywhere in our lives now. What do you think are the fundamental reasons behind its success? Name three pros and three cons of cloud.
PRO's:
a. Scalability, cloud services provide scalable resources that can be adjusted based on the users desire. As businesses grow, so to will their demand for resources.

b. Cost efficiency, companies spend a lot of money on buying their own servers and networking infrastructure. Cloud elimitnates the need for this and the
company/user only has to pay what they use.

c. Accessibility and flexibiltiy, being able to access applications from anywhere as long as connected to the internet makes it incredibly useful and valuable.

CONS:

a. Security, Storing data in remote locations provides security concerns especially if the cloud data centre or server is not secured properly.

b. privacy and data sovereignty, relying on someone else to watch over your data provides privacy concerns as they can see what you do all the time. 
Different countries have different regulations, privacy laws and data protection laws that could mean your data is not secure in another country but is in your own.

c. Dependanct on internet connection, this makes accessability difficult if your internet goes down and if you required crucial or sensitive data. The only way to get it is
to get your connection back to the cloud data.

3. What is the primary function of a hypervisor in virtualization?
The primary function is to manage and control multiple VM's on a device such as a PC allowing the user to test, learn and work with environements in a cheaper
way than spending money to buy many pc's to run all the different OS's.

4. What is a virtual machine (VM)?
A VM is a software-based emulator that provides the user the ability to run multiple operating systems while on their own computer and use them however they desire.

5. What are the benefits of using virtual machines?
Cheaper and more efficient than buying a while pc and installing an operating system on them. They are fast and reliable, should a problem happen. The user
can simply rollback to a previous snapshot of the machine before the problem occured.

6. List five use cases of virtual machines.

a. Server Virtualisation
b. Development and testing
c. Desktop virtualisation
d. Application compatibility
e. Disaster Recovery

7. In virtualization, what is the guest operating system?

b) The operating system installed on a virtual machine


8. What does virtual machine isolation mean?

c) Virtual machines run independently and are isolated from each other and the host system.



9. What is the benefit of virtual machine portability?

c) It allows virtual machines to be moved between different physical machines with compatible hypervisors.


10. What is the purpose of cloning a virtual machine?
The purpose is if a user wanted to test something happening in the same environment, it's good to clone it to replicate it such as how malware works.